Come in.
So this is what those stone
castles are like on the inside.
The power and water are set up.
Someone will come
to turn on the gas later.
Dera-san. you can use
that Western-style room.
Yuru-kun. you'd prefer a room
with tatami. right?
Tatami?!
Wow. actual tatami!
At the village. tatami are
only used by Asa or for special events!
Don't they use goza mats?
The tatami down here are so thick.
What luxury.
Are you sure I can sleep here?
Oh. sorry. Let me introduce you.
This is Kotetsu. and this is Jiro.
Excuse the intrusion.
We're the Daemons of this boy
you'll be lookin' after.
We're called the Divine Right and Left.
I'm Right.
And I'm Left. Nice to meet you.
Are those Hana-chan's Daemons?
Never met them before.
These are Daemons? This dog and cat?
They're not like other dogs and cats.
They'll be lookin' after us.
Give them a proper greeting.
These are my Daemons. Zenko-Koro.
ZENKO-KORO
TIGER AT THE FRONT DOOR. WOLF AT THE BACK
Say hello.
Hello… there…
Danno?
Since they know Dera-san's family name.
we should use mine. right?
Yeah. thanks. Sorry about that.
Make sure you use this name. too.
You both have family names?
Are you from great families?
Down here. everyone has one.
By the way. Hana-chan's
got her own mountain.
She's a land baron?!
I just inherited it!
No one maintains it. so it's overgrown.
but it's not like I can sell it.
Can I go hunting there?
Don't act like you're just
picking wild vegetables.
Down here. you need a license to hunt.
A license?
Proof of permission.
You need a license to drive
those metal horses. too.
Everything down here is a pain…
Hup.
It's not working the way I want.
Hard at work?
Master.
Hey.
Sorry I keep damaging your yard.
My accuracy still needs work.
It's fine as long as
you don't kill anyone.
Keep practicing.
Jin. clean that up.
Yes. sir. Ai-chan.
What can I do for all of you?
We're here to see Gabby-chan.
Aw. you didn't have to come see me.
How are you feeling?
Pretty good. thankfully.
And you. Gabriel?
I see.
Want an apple. Gabby-chan?
Yeah.
Oh. I forgot to bring a knife.
Makoto-kun.
Here you are.
Thank you.
You expect me to eat an apple cut with
a knife that came from who knows where?
It's all right. I believe it
hasn't been used to stab anyone.
Seriously. Jin-chan…
Gabby-chan. you focus on recovering.
Okay.
Asa. stay with her at the mansion.
- What?
If word spreads that you and your brother
have left the mountain.
people will come looking for you.
There are even people within the Kagemori
clan who want you for themselves.
You'll be safe here.
Jin will look for Yuru-kun. Got it?
Yes. sir.
Actually. I don't even know
what your brother looks like.
Aw. man. I should've taken a photo.
He looks like this!
- Biased.
Like this!
- Those art skills…
Those art skills?!
I'll start by looking into Tadera.
I'm counting on you.
Jin-san!
What is it?
My brother's Daemons have keen noses.
Keen enough to identify people
by the smell of their blood.
Those art skills…
Hoo boy.
I feel refreshed.
Huh? Your facial hair…
They saw my face. so I shaved it.
I need to do everything
I can to disguise myself.
You lost the only thing that
made you look like Statham.
Now you're worthless.
Just married. and my wife's
already emotionally abusing me.
Where'd our son go?
Yuru-kun went for a walk.
He said he'd check out the area.
Will he be okay?
Left and Right are with him.
I'm sure he'll be fine.
Hana-chan. have you seen my machete?
I haven't touched it.
I left it by the door.
I wonder how far he went.
If the cops find him.
we're looking at a Firearms
and Swords Control Act violation.
I told that brat to stay out of trouble!
The world below is amazing.
The starry sky reaches the ground.
It's so big and open.
Feel like it's impossible to find
one person in this vast world?
If she's looking for us.
you'll run into her eventually.
Because you love each other? That's great.
You can sense other Daemons. right?
You sensed Oshirasama.
- Yes.
You know the smell
of the self-proclaimed Asa's blood. right?
Yeah.
Dera-san said the Kagemoris
have multiple Daemon Wielders.
We're looking for a place with lots
of Daemons and that smells like my blood.
We could do that.
All right.
Time to take the sensitivity up a notch!
I smell blood like yours
and a handful of Daemons.
There are Daemons nearby?
If they show up. can we beat
them down. no questions asked?
What if they're open to talking.
like Oshirasama?
I wouldn't measure all Daemons
by human standards.
In general. we live in different worlds.
Don't expect to fully
understand each other.
I see. So I should think
of them as bears or boars.
Not exactly.
Tadera's?
Yes. that's right.
They may have already fled.
Yes. let me know if you learn anything.
Yeah. they reek of Daemons and Asa.
Since we've noticed them.
their Daemons should've noticed us. too.
Do you see them?
No. nothing.
Those people in black are humans… right?
They sure are.
Asa!
Wait. Yuru! That smells like old blood!
That's…
I heard your Daemons have keen noses.
And since you reacted to this Asa-san.
you must be her twin brother.
Nice to meet you. I'm Kagemori Jin.
These are my Daemons. the Scavenger.
It's a pleasure to meet you. Yuru-san.
Shit. shit. shit!
We need to find Yuru-kun
right away. Senpai.
Yeah. He doesn't know the rules.
so he could end up hurting
someone down here.
There's that. too.
but what if he gets hurt?
You're being pretty nice for someone
who said she doesn't like kids.
What?! Don't be stupid!
- What?
He doesn't have a family register yet.
Well. yeah.
He just came off the mountain.
Which means…
He doesn't have health insurance.
so we have to cover 100%
of his medical bills!
Shit. shit. shit!
- Jiro.
This is Yuru-kun's scent. Track him down.
I'm counting on you.
Kotetsu. you're up.
Kotetsu and Jiro can use modern tech. huh?
They've been passed down for generations
and lived here for so long
that they've adapted.
Now. where's Jiro?
Yikes! He's all the way in Tokyo!
He's not wasting any time.
It must've been the Divine Right and Left.
Is he lost? No…
Does he have some specific purpose?
Higashi Village wants both twins. too.
However. we just attacked their
village. and you're on the run.
Surely they wouldn't come for Asa-san now.
But I couldn't rule out
that they'd expect us
to let our guard down and strike.
So I prepared for that possibility.
You saved us the trouble
of looking for you.
Thank you. Mr. Big Brother.
So hard.
Daemons. you're hiding. right?
Come on out.
What should we do?
I don't smell metal on them.
They don't have weapons.
But I sense Daemons.
Two more pairs besides that one.
Probably their Daemons.
They're hiding and waiting
to see what we do.
Oh. well.
Whatever happens. happens.
There they are.
Hold it right there.
We've got your master.
If you want him to live. then…
S-Stop! Hey!
Stop! Hey. wait!
We've taken your master hostage!
Who should we take hostage?
Him. The sullen one.
Hey. wait! I said stop!
Sorry. Right and Left. I lost my temper.
Eh. I don't blame you.
Stay where you are.
Why?
By staying there. you're locking down
that troublesome-looking Daemon.
Oh. right. Got it.
Why is that Daemon giving
its master orders?
Normally. Daemons prioritize
protecting their master!
I'm hands off.
We do things our own way.
They're unarmed. Go easy on them. Right.
Right back at you. Left.
Makoto-kun.
Right and Left. watch out!
Huh?
Watch out for what?
We're made of stone.
Of course.
What are these annoyin' things?
Some kind of matchlock firearms?
That won't work on us.
A stone lantern?
They're armed to the teeth.
Don't gotta hold back now.
Agreed.
This looks bad. Move. Akio!
Here it comes!
Left!
What is this?
Give me a hand. Left!
Sorry. Right.
I can't move.
It's heavy. So. so heavy.
What?!
Help me. Left!
Help yourself.
That's it.
Move. Yuru.
Not as tough as those other teeth.
Right!
When you use the latrine.
before you leave…
Extinguish the lights!
Haruo. where are you?
- Here.
I sense the boy's Daemons
moving away from us.
They got away?
No. Akio's Daemons are lying in wait.
Don't think you've gotten
away from us. Mr. Big—
He's got the mind of a hunter.
Makoto-kun!
Did you get him?
Hey! What kind of Daemons
abandon their master and run?
What?
I don't know about you guys.
but this is how we operate.
We can do as we please as
long as we get the job done.
What? Isn't it normal to run when you can?
I don't want all of us to get wiped out.
I suppose not.
I'm sure you know. but Yuru
is the twin of the night.
The darkness is his hunting ground.
He can manage just fine without our help.
You've got total faith
in your master? Awesome.
Well. if Yuru hadn't caught
you. we would've done it.
We can follow your scent in the dark.
I see.
Growing up on the mountain made
your senses keener than ours.
You said you're a Kagemori.
Did your clan attack Higashi Village?
I was responsible for the attack.
Jin-san.
You've got one of those little
smoke signals. right?
It lets you talk to people far away.
You were using it earlier.
Oh. my smartphone?
Tell Asa to come here.
I want to talk to her.
NEXT EPISODE PREVIEW
Gabby-chan. Gabby-chan. Gabby-chan!
Jin-san's bringing my brother here.
On the plane to Okinawa.
our parents vanished.